Updating theme documentation since Appearance API is in React Native 0.63 (#942)
react-navigation/react-navigation.github.io: versioned_docs/version-5.x/themes.md

## Using the operating system preferences

`react-native` currently supports detecting the operating system color scheme preferences in the core ([via Appearance API](https://reactnative.dev/docs/appearance)) introduced in 0.63. If the version you use doesn't support it, you can use [`react-native-appearance`](https://github.com/expo/react-native-appearance).

> You will need iOS 13 to actually be able to toggle dark mode through system settings. Be aware that Android 11 also supports it but some custom layer doesn't handle to easily toggle.

Reviewer: > but some custom layer doesn't handle to easily toggle

Can you clarify what this means?

Author: ```suggestion
You will need iOS 13 to actually be able to toggle dark mode through system settings. Be aware that Android 11 also supports it but some OS based on it doesn't always allow to easily toggle Dark Mode (eg: OxygenOS, ColorOS...).
```
